I opened the door and spoke.
Mask your pure points. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me.
Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. Sell ​​it to me. sold
Understand and listen
In the past ten years, the economy has developed rapidly
These large refrigerators and large picking mats in Mi Shuangxing
will become the most common daily necessities
So your high-end injury line
Will also be in your place to choose
Okay, it’s okay anyway.
I'll just reply to my troublesome lips
Haven't given it away yet
I have lips with him all over the world
Let you buy me some relaxing food
Your wife
I still have more in mind when you scold me.
You are admitting it
Do you have a daughter-in-law?
After you warm up with that pot,
More powerful than me
Why are you saying nice things about me? Thank you.
Isn’t that so motivating?
Don't ask me to tell you what to do
Have you officially entered our Zhao family?
How do you develop your career?
I don't care about you
I just want to be with Mr. Zhao more from now on.
go home for dinner
OK thank you
I don't recognize you